README.md, before:

﻿# <img src="npm/content/free-sync-icon-boxed.svg" alt="icon" width="35" height="35" /> Free sync - plugin for [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/)

If you like this plugin, [leave it a :star: on Github!](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync)

## Overview

This plugin use internal Insomnia methods to Import/Export workspaces as a JSON file. Additionally plugin allows to
configure what should be synchronized.

![npm/content/readme-workspace-items.jpg](npm/content/readme-workspace-items.jpg)

### Installation

You can find the plugin at this [link](https://insomnia.rest/plugins/insomnia-plugin-free-sync).

### How to use it

- Install the plugin from the [Insomnia plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins/insomnia-plugin-free-sync).
- Open workspace menu and select `Free sync: Configuration`
- When file path is configured, workspace can be synchronized with `Save workspace` / `Load workspace` options

![npm/content/readme-workspace-actions.jpg](npm/content/readme-workspace-actions.jpg)

## How to contribute

- install NPM packages with `npm ci` command in project folder (npm and NODE.js should be installed)
- build plugin JS file with `npm run build`
- auto build on file changes with `npm run watch`

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. Feel free to open
an [issue](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync/issues) or create
a [pull request](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync/pulls).

Commit message:

Update Readme to be more concise on init and import

README.md, after:

﻿# <img src="npm/content/free-sync-icon-boxed.svg" alt="icon" width="35" height="35" /> Free sync - plugin for [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/)

If you like this plugin, [leave it a :star: on Github!](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync)

## Overview

This plugin use internal Insomnia methods to Import/Export workspaces as a JSON file. Additionally plugin allows to
configure what should be synchronized.

![npm/content/readme-workspace-items.jpg](npm/content/readme-workspace-items.jpg)

### Installation

You can find the plugin at this [link](https://insomnia.rest/plugins/insomnia-plugin-free-sync).

### How to use it

- Install the plugin from the [Insomnia plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins/insomnia-plugin-free-sync).

### Initialization
- Create a new project from within insomnia
- Configure the project as needed.
- Open workspace menu and select `Free sync: Configuration`
- When file path is configured, workspace can be synchronized with `Save workspace` / `Load workspace` options

### Import
- Import the previously exported workspace json file as new project.
- Open workspace menu and select `Free sync: Configuration`
- When file path is configured, workspace can be synchronized with `Save workspace` / `Load workspace` options

![npm/content/readme-workspace-actions.jpg](npm/content/readme-workspace-actions.jpg)

## How to contribute

- install NPM packages with `npm ci` command in project folder (npm and NODE.js should be installed)
- build plugin JS file with `npm run build`
- auto build on file changes with `npm run watch`

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. Feel free to open
an [issue](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync/issues) or create
a [pull request](https://github.com/NickRimmer/insomnia-plugin-free-sync/pulls).
